*ever
	demo_ever3 
	Have you ever participated in a public demonstration or protest?
	1. sometimes 2. almost never 3. never
		AmericasBarometer	prot1
	
	petit_ever3
	Now I'd like you to look at this card. I'm going to read out some different forms of political action that people can take, and I'd like you to tell me, for each one, whether you have actually done any of these things, whether you might do it or would never, under any circumstances, do it. Signing a petition.
	1. have done 2. might do 3. would never do
		WVS			e025
		EVS			e025
		LB

	boycott_ever3
	Now I'd like you to look at this card. I'm going to read out some different forms of political action that people can take, and I'd like you to tell me, for each one, whether you have actually done any of these things, whether you might do it or would never, under any circumstances, do it. Joining in boycotts.
	1. have done 2. might do 3. would never do
		WVS			e026
		EVS			e026

	demo_ever3
	I'm going to read out some different forms of political action that people can take, and I'd like you to tell me, for each one, whether you have actually done any of these things, whether you might do it or would never, under any circumstances, do it.	Attending lawful demonstrations. 
	1. have done 2. might do 3. would never do
		WVS			e027
		EVS			e027
	
	strike_ever3
	Now I'd like you to look at this card. I'm going to read out some different forms of political action that people can take, and I'd like you to tell me, for each one, whether you have actually done any of these things, whether you might do it or would never, under any circumstances, do it. Joining unofficial strikes.
	1. have done 2. might do 3. would never do
		WVS			e028
		EVS			e028

	occupy_ever3
	Now I'd like you to look at this card. I'm going to read out some different forms of political action that people can take, and I'd like you to tell me, for each one, whether you have actually done any of these things, whether you might do it or would never, under any circumstances, do it. Occupy buildings or factories.
	1. have done 2. might do 3. would never do
		WVS			e029
		EVS			e029
		

*last year
	demo_year3
	In the past 12 months, have you participated in a public demonstration or protest?
	1. sometimes 2. almost never 3. never
		AmericasBarometer	prot2, prot2alt

	demo_year2
	In the last 12 months, have you participated in a demonstration or protest march?
		AmericasBarometer	prot3
		ESS			pbldmn
		

	demo_year_freq
	How many times have you participated in a demonstration or protest march in the last 12 months?
		AmericasBarometer	prot4 (only if prot3==1)

	
	petit_year2
	In the last 12 months have you signed any petition?
		AmericasBarometer	prot6
		ESS			sgnptit

	block_year2
	And in the last twelve months, have you participated in blocking any street or public space as a form of protest?
	1. yes 2. no
		AmericasBarometer	prot7

	boycott_year2
	During the last 12 months, have you done any of the following? Have you boycotted certain products?
		ESS			bctprd